Add documentation for polyfill provided by the PHPUnitBridge (#12101)
symfony/symfony-docs: components/phpunit_bridge.rst

* Provides a modified version of PHPUnit that does not embed ``symfony/yaml`` nor

>   ``prophecy`` to prevent any conflicts with these dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ``prophecy`` to prevent any conflicts with these dependencies;
```

> * Provides polyfills for methods that are not available in older version of

Reviewer 2: In order to remove the negation wat about:
Provides polyfills to augment older versions of PHPUnit with methods provided by its newest versions.

>   PHPUnit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  PHPUnit;
```

> * Provide namespaced class name for older version of PHPUnit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Provide namespaced class name for older version of PHPUnit;
```

> * Makes compatible testSuite with both PHPUnit 8 and previous version by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Makes test suite compatible for PHPUnit 8 and the previous version by
```

Reviewer 2: Is able to remove the `void` return type on `setUp`/`tearDown` methods so that PHPUnit 8 can be used with test suites that must run on PHP < 7.1;

>   removing typehint on `setUp` and `tearDown` methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  removing the type-hint on `setUp` and `tearDown` methods;
```

write Test cases even compatible with PHPUnit 4. Some of those methods are
``expectException``, ``expectExcpetionMessage``, ``expectExceptionCode``,
``createPartialMock``, ``assertEqualsWithDelta``, ``assertContainsEquals``, ...

Remove void return typehint
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

When running the command ``simple-phpunit`` with the env variable
``SYMFONY_PHPUNIT_REMOVE_RETURN_TYPEHINT=1`` the PHPUnit bridge will alterate
the code of PHPUnit to remove the return typehint (introduced in PHPUnit 8)
from methods ``setUp``, ``tearDown``, ``setUpBeforeClass`` and
``tearDownAfterClass``. Thuse allows you to write a Test compatible with both
PHP 5 and PHPUnit 8.

An alternative, is to use the trait :class:`Symfony\Bridge\PhpUnit\SetUpTearDownTrait`.
This trait will provide the right signature for the methods ``setUp``, ``tearDown``,
``setUpBeforeClass`` and ``tearDownAfterClass`` and  delegates the call to the methods
``doSetUp``, ``doTearDown``, ``doSetUpBeforeClass`` and ``doTearDownAfterClass``::

    use PHPUnit\Framework\TestCase;
    use Symfony\Bridge\PhpUnit\SetUpTearDownTrait;

    class MyTest extends TestCase
    {

>         private $state;

Reviewer 3: You forgot to call the `SetUpTearDownTrait` ?

Author: good catch ! thanks

    $ SYMFONY_DEPRECATIONS_HELPER='/Doctrine\\Common\\ClassLoader is deprecated\./' ./vendor/bin/simple-phpunit

> Testing with multiple version of PHPUnit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Testing with Multiple PHPUnit Versions
```

> ----------------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
--------------------------------------
```

Use Case
~~~~~~~~

> When testing a library that have to be compatible with serveral version of PHP

Reviewer 2: that has ... several versions

> at the same time (like Symfony does), because of dependencies, the test suite

Reviewer 2: ~because of dependencies, ~

> have to be tested by differentes version of PHPUnit. Unfortunatly, writing a

Reviewer 2: ... the test suite cannot use the latest versions of PHPUnit.

Reviewer 2: I'd suggest removing the sentence that starts with `Unfortunatly` - we don't need to make a judgment here.

code compatible with a too wide range of version is not possible. ie:

> - several function in PHPUnit 8 are deprecated but the replacements methods

Reviewer 2: functions ... replacement methods

>   didn't exists int PHPUnit 4.

Reviewer 2: exist in

> - PHPUnit 8 added return typehint in method ``setUp(): void`` which is not

Reviewer 2: PHPUnit 8 added the `void` return type to method `setUp()` which

  compatible with PHP 5.5.

> - PHPUnit switch to namespaced class starting from PHPUnit 6. Tests have to

Reviewer 2: switched ... namespaced classes

  handle both case with/without namespaces.

Polyfill for the methods
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> When using the command ``simple-phpunit``, PHPUnit Bridge injects pollyfills

Reviewer 2: the simple-phpunit script, the ...

> for most of methods from the class ``TestCase`` and ``Assert`` in order to

Reviewer 2: for most methods of the classes ``TestCase`` and ``Assert``. This allows writing test cases using the latest best practice while still remaining compatible with older PHPUnit versions.

write Test cases even compatible with PHPUnit 4. Some of those methods are
``expectException``, ``expectExcpetionMessage``, ``expectExceptionCode``,
``createPartialMock``, ``assertEqualsWithDelta``, ``assertContainsEquals``, ...

> Remove void return typehint

Reviewer 2: Removing the Void Return Type

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

When running the command ``simple-phpunit`` with the env variable

> ``SYMFONY_PHPUNIT_REMOVE_RETURN_TYPEHINT=1`` the PHPUnit bridge will alterate

Reviewer 2: with the environment variable `SYMFONY_PHPUNIT_REMOVE_RETURN_TYPEHINT` set to `1`

Reviewer 2: will alter

> the code of PHPUnit to remove the return typehint (introduced in PHPUnit 8)

Reviewer 2: the return type

from methods ``setUp``, ``tearDown``, ``setUpBeforeClass`` and
``tearDownAfterClass``. Thuse allows you to write a Test compatible with both
PHP 5 and PHPUnit 8.

An alternative, is to use the trait :class:`Symfony\Bridge\PhpUnit\SetUpTearDownTrait`.
This trait will provide the right signature for the methods ``setUp``, ``tearDown``,
``setUpBeforeClass`` and ``tearDownAfterClass`` and  delegates the call to the methods
``doSetUp``, ``doTearDown``, ``doSetUpBeforeClass`` and ``doTearDownAfterClass``::

    use PHPUnit\Framework\TestCase;
    use Symfony\Bridge\PhpUnit\SetUpTearDownTrait;

    class MyTest extends TestCase
    {
        use SetUpTearDownTrait;

        private $state;

        private function doSetup()
        {
            $this->state = 'demo';
        }

        protected function doSetup(): void
        {

>             // Visibility and return typehint of method is free.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // Visibility and return type-hint of method is free.
```

        }
    }

> Use namespaced class

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using a Namespaced Class
```

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

The PHPUnit bridge adds namespaced class aliases for most of PHPUnit class

> declared in the old fashion way (ie. ``PHPUnit_Framework_Assert``), allowing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
declared in the old fashion way (i.e. ``PHPUnit_Framework_Assert``), allowing
```
